[#797] Update linear interpolation of percentiles (#802)
Ouranosinc/xclim: HISTORY.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* `xclim` code quality checks now use the newest `black` (v21.8-beta). Checks launched via `tox` and `pre-commit` now run formatting modifications over Jupyter notebooks found under `docs`.

New features and enhancements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * utils.py::nan_calc_percentiles now uses a custom algorithm instead of `numpy::nanpercentiles` to have more flexibility on the interpolation method. The performances are also improved. *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``utils.py::nan_calc_percentiles`` now uses a custom algorithm instead of ``numpy::nanpercentiles`` to have more flexibility on the interpolation method. The performance is also improved. 
```

> * calendar.py::percentile_doy now uses the 8th method of Hyndman&Fan for linear interpolation where alpha == beta == 1/3. This is to be consistant with other climate indices packages (climdex, icclim) *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``calendar.py::percentile_doy`` now uses the 8th method of Hyndman & Fan for linear interpolation (alpha = beta = 1/3). Previously, the function used Numpy's percentile, which corresponds to the 7th method. This change is motivated by the fact that the 8th is recommended by Hyndman & Fay and it ensures consistency with other climate indices packages (climdex, icclim).
```

> * utils.py::_cal_perc is now only a proxy for utils.py::nan_calc_percentiles with some axis moves *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``utils.py::_cal_perc`` is now only a proxy for ``utils.py::nan_calc_percentiles`` with some axis moves.
```
and move to Internal changes section.

Announcements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * `xclim` no longer supports Python3.6. Code conventions and neures from Python3.7 (`PEP 537 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0537/#features-for-3-7>`_) are now accepted.

Author: oops
